README.md, before:

Sustainable Fashion

For my project I wanted to create a site that is easily found when searching for sustainable fashion. With this project I hope to provide education, reasoning, and resources for a potential consumer to consider and explore sustainable fashion. The intended consumer is interested in product sustainability and ethical trade.

In exploring the site the visitor should learn a bit about sustainable materials, companies to purchase from, and be provided with an educational video. The site also includes a form to sign up for a fictional newsletter in which I imagine a hypothetical monthly newsletter with relavant information. 


FEATURES:

Existing Features

<img src="/assets/images/screenshot1.png" alt="Alt text" title="Optional title">

    Navigation Bar
        Featured on all three pages, the full responsive navigation bar includes links to the Home page, Sign Up form, and Closer Look section and are identical in each page to allow for easy navigation.
        This section will allow the user to easily navigate from page to page across all devices without having to revert back to the previous page via the ‘back’ button.


    The landing page image
        The landing includes a photograph on top of a background image with text overlay to allow the user clearly read and text and get a general welcoming and comfortable feeling relating to sustainability.
        This section introduces the user to Sustainability with an eye catching animation to grab their attention


    The Footer
        The footer section includes links to the relevant social media sites for Sustainable Fashion. The links will open to a new tab to allow easy navigation for the user.
        The footer is valuable to the user as it encourages them to keep connected via social media

<img src="/assets/images/screenshot2.png" alt="Alt text" title="Optional title">

    The Sign Up Page
        This page will allow the user to get sign up for a newsletter all about fashion sustaibility.

<img src="/assets/images/screenshot3.png" alt="Alt text" title="Optional title">


    Closer Look
        The page provides links to a few reliable brands in the forefront of sustainable fashion and material production. 
        Aside from finding companies to purchase from, this page also provides a link to a futher page with even more information. 
        Lastly, a youtube video is embedded via Vice for inspiration information.

 Testing

Testing using developer tools shows that information is still cohesive, readable and easy to navigate in all screen sizes. 


    HTML valitory shows two errors that I could not reconcile as I can only account for one opening and closing <head> element and as well for body.

    Error: Stray end tag head.

    From line 31, column 1; to line 31, column 7

    ↩    </a>↩</head>↩↩<bod

    Error: Start tag body seen but an element of the same type was already open.

    From line 33, column 1; to line 33, column 6

    ↩</head>↩↩<body> ↩        
    
    CSS
        No errors were found when passing through the official (Jigsaw) validator

Deployment

    The site was deployed to GitHub pages. The steps to deploy are as follows:
        In the GitHub repository, navigate to the Settings tab
        From the source section drop-down menu, select the Master Branch
        Once the master branch has been selected, the page will be automatically refreshed with a detailed ribbon display to indicate the successful deployment.

The live link can be found here - https://csfree87.github.io/portoflio1/

Credits

Structures and code borrowed from Love Running repository/assignment and modified as required. 

You can break the credits section up into Content and Media, depending on what you have included in your project.
Content

    The text for the Home page was taken from https://www.forbes.com/sites/ellevate/2019/10/07/why-sustainable-fashion-matters/?sh=2c84c73171b8
    

Media

The photos used are from Pexels
Video is from Youtube
and links sourced from individual company websites.

Commit message:

final readme notes regarding mismatch style github pages and viewed page via gitpod

README.md, after:

Sustainable Fashion

For my project I wanted to create a site that is easily found when searching for sustainable fashion. With this project I hope to provide education, reasoning, and resources for a potential consumer to consider and explore sustainable fashion. The intended consumer is interested in product sustainability and ethical trade.

In exploring the site the visitor should learn a bit about sustainable materials, companies to purchase from, and be provided with an educational video. The site also includes a form to sign up for a fictional newsletter in which I imagine a hypothetical monthly newsletter with relavant information. 


FEATURES:

Existing Features

<img src="/assets/images/screenshot1.png" alt="Alt text" title="Optional title">

    Navigation Bar
        Featured on all three pages, the full responsive navigation bar includes links to the Home page, Sign Up form, and Closer Look section and are identical in each page to allow for easy navigation.
        This section will allow the user to easily navigate from page to page across all devices without having to revert back to the previous page via the ‘back’ button.


    The landing page image
        The landing includes a photograph on top of a background image with text overlay to allow the user clearly read and text and get a general welcoming and comfortable feeling relating to sustainability.
        This section introduces the user to Sustainability with an eye catching animation to grab their attention


    The Footer
        The footer section includes links to the relevant social media sites for Sustainable Fashion. The links will open to a new tab to allow easy navigation for the user.
        The footer is valuable to the user as it encourages them to keep connected via social media

<img src="/assets/images/screenshot2.png" alt="Alt text" title="Optional title">

    The Sign Up Page
        This page will allow the user to get sign up for a newsletter all about fashion sustaibility.

<img src="/assets/images/screenshot3.png" alt="Alt text" title="Optional title">


    Closer Look
        The page provides links to a few reliable brands in the forefront of sustainable fashion and material production. 
        Aside from finding companies to purchase from, this page also provides a link to a futher page with even more information. 
        Lastly, a youtube video is embedded via Vice for inspiration information.

 Testing

Testing using developer tools shows that information is still cohesive, readable and easy to navigate in all screen sizes. 


    HTML valitory shows two errors that I could not reconcile as I can only account for one opening and closing <head> element and as well for body.

    Error: Stray end tag head.

    From line 31, column 1; to line 31, column 7

    ↩    </a>↩</head>↩↩<bod

    Error: Start tag body seen but an element of the same type was already open.

    From line 33, column 1; to line 33, column 6

    ↩</head>↩↩<body> ↩        
    
    CSS
        No errors were found when passing through the official (Jigsaw) validator

BUGS:
closer.html loads from gitpod server as the image below, but when I load it from the github pages site it does not relfelct the same #company style as in my style.css file. pictures below

<img src="/assets/images/screenshot4.png" alt="Alt text" title="Optional title">
<img src="/assets/images/screenshot5.png" alt="Alt text" title="Optional title">

Deployment

    The site was deployed to GitHub pages. The steps to deploy are as follows:
        In the GitHub repository, navigate to the Settings tab
        From the source section drop-down menu, select the Master Branch
        Once the master branch has been selected, the page will be automatically refreshed with a detailed ribbon display to indicate the successful deployment.

The live link can be found here - https://csfree87.github.io/portoflio1/

Credits

Structures and code borrowed from Love Running repository/assignment and modified as required. 

You can break the credits section up into Content and Media, depending on what you have included in your project.
Content

    The text for the Home page was taken from https://www.forbes.com/sites/ellevate/2019/10/07/why-sustainable-fashion-matters/?sh=2c84c73171b8
    

Media

The photos used are from Pexels
Video is from Youtube
and links sourced from individual company websites.
